For this project we will create an AI to play a tower defense game.

The game will have path with simple AI traveling from one end to the other. 
The AI we will be programing will be in charge of placing defense.

The AI will be using MDP. 
To place a tower it will cost it money. The AI cannot go in debt. 
Another decision will be what the most optimal location is to place a tower. Using the simple AI's location, our AI will use that information to calculate the most optimal locaiton to place a tower.
Spending all the money is great but our AI would prioritize saving money and getting the job done.


Future:
Our simple AI could be both ground and air units. Where some towers could be ground only, some could be both, while others could be just air.


To start off:

The map:
-A simple grid map with:
    grass as locations where to spawn towers
    a dirt road that our simple AI to follow a path
    a fortress which our AI must defend
    the fortress would have 100hp and this hp would come into account when our AI is making decisions
    
Simple AI:
    one ground and one air unit
    Have the unit spawn every 3 seconds
    It follows some path towards the fortress.
    Should it reach the fortress, the fortress looses 10hp.
    The unit will have 10 hp to start off

The towers:
    a simple ground or air tower that only damages ground or air units
        this will do 3 damage per second
        shooting radius is in a circle
    a simple tower that does damage to both air and ground units
        this will do 1.5 damage per second
        shooting radius is in a circle

The AI
    will be in charge of spawing towers
    there will be a money system taht gradually increses over time and every time a simple AI is destroyed
    takes into account:
        how much money it has: the less money it has the less likely it would want to spend it, so if it has a little money only spend if it trully needs to
        the HP of the fortress, should the fortress be a lower hp the more likely it is to spend money
        how much damage it currently has on the map, if it has 1 ground tower on the map that is killing the simple AI nicely, then it would save money, but should something like an air unit arrive and it does not have an air defense it is more likely to spawn an air defense.

After these simple topics have been implemented:
    We could expand on simple AI such as increasing their health, or speed
    make more differnt towers
    maybe add a camoflage simple AI and so on
        